README.md, before:

# sais
SAIS - The simpliest artificial intelligence system. It is a simple project, the main function of which is output the name
of object based on the characteristics which was inputed by user in database before.

The program allows user to input objects and characteristics separately and then put them in line.

To install that program, please, do the following.

1. Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/PavloPashchevskyi/sais
2. In "var" directory of the project create "logs" directory, if it has not yet presented there
3. In application/config/ directory copy options.sample.php file 
    to the same directory, but with the name of "options.php" 
    and change the paremeters of database access to parameters of YOUR database access 
    (host, port, user, password, dbname)
4. Download and install composer if it is not installed yet. Here (https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md) 
    you can find description how to do that.
5. In directory, in which project has been clonned, please, execute the following command:

    composer install

6. Configure your apache virtual host like this (change paths to yours):

<VirtualHost *:80>
    ServerName mvc.loc
    ServerAlias www.mvc.loc
    ServerAdmin ppd@ppd-N76VM
    DocumentRoot /path/to/your/sites/directory/mvc
    <Directory /path/to/your/sites/directory/mvc>
        Options FollowSymLinks MultiViews
        AllowOverride All
        require all granted
    </Directory>
    ErrorLog /path/to/your/sites/directory/mvc/var/logs/error.log
    LogLevel warn
    ServerSignature On
</VirtualHost>

Where "mvc" is the name of this site (change to your).

If you have any questions, please, write googalltooth@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added "data/dump.sql" file with project database structure

README.md, after:

# sais
SAIS - The simpliest artificial intelligence system. It is a simple project, the main function of which is output the name
of object based on the characteristics which was inputed by user in database before.

The program allows user to input objects and characteristics separately and then put them in line.

To install that program, please, do the following.

1. Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/PavloPashchevskyi/sais
2. In "var" directory of the project create "logs" directory, if it has not yet presented there
3. Create your database and import its structure from data/dump.sql file
    3.1. In application/config/ directory copy options.sample.php file 
        to the same directory, but with the name of "options.php" 
        and change the paremeters of database access to parameters of YOUR database access 
        (host, port, user, password, dbname)
4. Download and install composer if it is not installed yet. Here (https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md) 
    you can find description how to do that.
    4.1. From directory, in which project has been clonned, please, execute the following command:

        composer install

5. Configure your apache virtual host like this (change paths to yours):

    <VirtualHost *:80>
        ServerName mvc.loc
        ServerAlias www.mvc.loc
        ServerAdmin ppd@ppd-N76VM
        DocumentRoot /path/to/your/sites/directory/mvc
        <Directory /path/to/your/sites/directory/mvc>
            Options FollowSymLinks MultiViews
            AllowOverride All
            require all granted
        </Directory>
        ErrorLog /path/to/your/sites/directory/mvc/var/logs/error.log
        LogLevel warn
        ServerSignature On
    </VirtualHost>

Where "mvc" is the name of this site (change to your).

If you have any questions, please, write googalltooth@gmail.com
